Over the past several years, Russian authorities have misused the law on counteracting extremist activity to restrict the peaceful worship of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Nowhere is this more evident than in the trial of 16 of Jehovah's Witnesses in Tagunrog, Russia.
Since 2011, authorities have subjected these witnesses to criminal prosecution merely for practicing their faith.
The prosecutor is demanding that the court sentenced four congregation elders to six years in prison for organizing religious meetings.
16 members of the congregation are facing heavy fines for attending those meetings.
The judge is expected to issue a verdict by as early as the end of October.
The prosecutor has accused the members of this congregation of extremist activity, of inciting hatred.
But what are the facts?
The witnesses were not accused of encouraging acts of violence or spewing hate speech.
These witnesses are on trial for meeting together to discuss the Bible, for holding the same religious services that Jehovah's Witnesses around the world hold every week.
They are not extremists.
The criminal case against Jehovah's Witnesses in Tagunrog is part of a growing pattern of religious opposition in Russia.
Courts have ruled to confiscate the witnesses' places of worship in Tagunrog, Samara, and Abinsk, and to liquidate their legal entities in these regions.
Other similar cases are pending.
Customs authorities have blocked all religious literature published by Jehovah's Witnesses, including Bibles, from entering the country.
Russia is the only country in the world to ban JW.org, the Witnesses' official international website.
Russia is now at a crossroads regarding freedom of religion.
Will Russia now imprison its own citizens merely for peacefully practicing their faith?
The Council of Europe and the United Nations Human Rights Committee have called on Russia to stop misapplying the law and extremism to peaceful religious communities and specifically mentioned Jehovah's Witnesses.
Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia want to abide by the Bibles command at 1 Timothy 2, 1 and 2, so that they can lead a calm and quiet life with complete godly devotion as they have been endeavouring to do.
Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide asked the Tagunrog Court to exonerate these witnesses of all charges.
We urge Russia to abide by its international agreements, uphold justice, preserve the rule of law, and protect the freedoms its espouses in its constitution.